Weapon Lore


*Yggdrasil*

Greatsword - (First Part) A Two-Handed Greatsword made of an absolutely indestructible material, that has, however, a transparent and glass-like appearance, 
due to the anomalous characteristic of where it was created (that slightly green tone was actually meant to represent that transparency, being used instead of other effects 
due to my limitations in art skills. 
That said, the true visual of it should be imagined as a transparent sword with a slight white glow).

Orb - (Second Part) The Orb that accompanies it is fundamentally a part of it, thoroughly linked in a similar fashion of a quantum entanglement. 
When equipped, you can use the sword in one hand (if you have the strength to do so) and the orb in the other. 
Some of its properties include: Allowing the user to manipulate the Sword telekinetically (Yes, even making it return to your hand) and Absorbing and becoming of any element 
the user voluntarily touches, also turning the sword into said element.


*Starfall/Pulsarfall*

Sword - Starfall is a One-Handed Sword created from the fusion of its previous iteration, Stardust, with a half-fragment of another One-Handed Sword, Voidwalker, 
combining then, the absolute energy of the stars with the gargantuan power of black holes. Some of its powers include charging up and firing directed energy beams 
from its tip, giving powerful slashes of plasma, and cutting through the fabric of reality to create tears, with those acting as portals in which the user can pass through.

Dagger - Pulsarfall is the name given to the collapsed version of the sword Starfall. When desired, the user can choose to compress its power into this Dagger, 
giving their attacks even more power, however with reduced range due to it being smaller. It can interchange between this and its original form at will. 
One of its main abilities consists in creating multiple energy clones that can be telekinetically manipulated, also serving as additional weapons if so needed.


*Izanagi/Kin Izanagi*

Katana - Created from the remaining half-fragment of Voidwalker, Izanagi is a Katana with exceptional power and technique. 
Aside from all the typical anime moves and real-life moves the user can perform while using it, it has access to magic abilities and techniques with zodiacal motifs 
that can be quite useful in battle. 
The charm attached to the handle is actually made of an organ from someone dear, and it allows the user to use Red Lightning and invoke the spirit known informally 
as Wis/Wisp/Wisper.

Ōdachi - A "Super Form" of Izanagi, Kin Izanagi is an Ōdachi which can have its normal form's potential explored to its absolute limits. 
Unlocked by the ritual in which the blood of all Five was poured in its blade, followed by a deathless Seppuku, it buffs everything the Katana had to offer and has unique 
esoteric abilities of combat. 
Since its awakening was quite recent, it's fun to imagine what any new surprises it can have going on. Wis/Wisp/Wisper can also be summoned from it, also buffed from it.

Sheathes - The "Sheathes" from which the swords are drawn are actually not physical. 
They are manifestations of the energy emanated by the swords and shaped for them, allowing the user to sheathe and unsheathe them at will and in any direction, 
and store them anywhere. This has many benefits and uses both practical and for combat purposes. 
They are able, though, to interact using the attributes of physical sheathes when needed, allowing for curious interactions such as teleporting the swords when sheathed.

All of these Swords are made of and powered by the user's "Cosmoplasma" in addition to their materials and context of creation.

*Ginnun*

This one is technically not a weapon as it is just the user's Animoplasma manipulation converted into a scythe form, 
it would be similar to making a scythe out of water or fire. 
Ginnun is the result of the user's innate ability and training.

------------------------------------------------------

*Lazurine*

Unlike the Axe, the Chakrams and the other weapons, Lazurine is a crystal created by the mixture of these 3 types of energy (Animoplasma, Cosmoplasma and Luminoplasma) 
and bestowed as a gift to its user, as a symbol for inspiration, familial bonds of love and perseverance. 
It currently can manipulate the mixed energy into 2 types of weapons, being the scythe mode and the sword mode. It has no limit to the forms it can take, 
but currently only these two are known.

*Vimukti*

Like the Battle Axe, the Vimukti Chakrams are weapons created by the user using his Luminoplasma to modify pieces of the Yggdrasil Colossal Sword, 
bestowed and converted into deadly sun shaped weapons. 
Aside from the blade it has 4 physical, metal-like spikes, and can sprout 4 more Luminoplasma ones for maximum damage.
They can also help manipulate the user's light, serving as boosters for direct lasers or being coated with it to expand significantly and/or launch the luminoplasma spikes.

*Hypernova*

With the power of a collision of a thousand dying stars, 
Hypernova is a double-headed Battle Axe capable of slashing, bashing and even piercing through his North Sunray. 
It is also created by One of Yggdrasil's fragments and it requires great strength to use effectively.
Each strike creates significant physical and light-based explosions by default and different aspects of light can be explored by satisfying the glyphs' properties on it's blades. Some include, becoming electricity-based, radiation-based, heat-based, light-based, wave-based, particle-based and healing-based.

----------------------------------------------------

*Zenith and Igaluk (and Yoru)*

Dagger - The Zenith and Igaluk Daggers, same as weapons such as the Axe, were created from a piece of Yggdrasil, 
which was manipulated using Tsukiplasma and converted into these weapons with a Moon Phase motif and being capable of dragging the target into an inescapable dark battle. 
The chain however, is the culmination of the user's understanding of this energy, made of said Tsukiplasma which can be spawned from any part of the user's body, 
and attached to any object.

Khopesh (Crescent) - As an additional ability, the Zenith and Igaluk daggers, when enough energy is accumulated or using Tsukiplasma, can "awaken" into this Khopesh form, 
which can also change between the "Crescent Form" (blade on the outside, better used for slashing) and the "Gibbous Form" (Blade on the Inside, better used as a hook-type sword).

Khopesh (Gibbous) - As an additional ability, the Zenith and Igaluk daggers, when enough energy is accumulated or using Tsukiplasma, can "awaken" into this Khopesh form, 
which can also change between the "Gibbous Form" (Blade on the Inside, better used as a hook-type sword), 
and the "Crescent Form" (blade on the outside, better used for slashing).

*Satellites*

These pocket-size "steel" spheres can be manipulated freely by the user, being able to react to vectorial force manipulation and having many uses due to that. 
They can also change their size at the user's will, allowing them many uses, from tossing them like rocks, to linking them to the chain and using them like flails to even floating by 
standing on top of them at a size bigger than the user's bodies. Useful for combat, transport and even entertainment (like baseball, football or golf), the possibilities are endless!
Their powers can also be activated based on their axis of rotation:

X (Single Line) - Unlocks the Moon Eye, giving "life" to the Sattelites, akin to a Golem, in the form of Limbo and Ilyamuro.
Y (Double Line) - Darkness manipulation.
Z (Gravitational Field) - Vector manipulation, which includes gravity.

-------------------------------------------------------


*Svarozhits*

Kama - The Svarozhits Kamas, much like the Axe and the Daggers/Khopeshes, were the final piece of the Yggdrasil to be separated and turned into a weapon, by the use of the user's 
Ougiplasma. They can be used individually or together, as they are quantum entangled and harmoniously working as one, and not only can do the things these kinds of weapons do as they 
can utilize elements and powers of varied levels. The one with Samsara's Core can absorb, use and expel physical elements to the user's will (like Fire, Water, Concrete, Wood, Wind, Electricity, Glass, Light). The one with Liebestraum's Core can absorb, use and expel conceptual elements to the user's will (Time, Love, The feeling of being burned to death, Anemoia, The feeling of being shocked, Photosynthesis, Intelligence, Despair, Bravery). Both of the kamas can be used interchangeably, for example, the element absorbed by Samsara's Core Kama can be expelled by Liebestraum's as a concept and vice versa. 


Pickaxe - And, as a bonus, if the user wants, it can join them using the Ougiplasma into a neat pickaxe, for when you need that quantum ore!


*Ewigerfluss*

In another level of harmony that Svarozhits can reach, the Kamas are straightened out and joined in a complete dance of the real and unreal, acquiring then the form of 
an Ougiplasma-coated Double Spear, which can be extremely effective and very powerful. The Spear is Time-themed, with Samsara's blade reversing entropy upon impact and/or activation by the user, while Liebestraum's blade forwarding it. It can also be separated into two Arrow-like spears, and both powers can coat the whole weapon, like just a Samsara Double Spear, or a Liebestraum Double Spear, switching between those at will.


*Efemernost*

When breaking even more the limits of this weapon's power, Ewigerfluss can be condensed into an unilateral arrow form, Efemernost, which can be fired from the like a harpoon, 
which can normally damage the target or conjuring the conceptual aetherial bow part of it and unleashing it's full, fractalic potential. When firing the arrow, 
it taps into all of its infinite variants and bleeds them all into reality, creating a surreal barrage of Efemernosts going haywire in all directions, which can be extremely effective for clearing a whole area.

---------------------------------------------------------------


*Aegis (Primary Creation and Protection Resource)*

When all of the Cosmo, Lumino, Animo, Tsuki and Ougi plasmas are combined, they reach their ultimate form, a material with means currently unknown to represent every single type of matter, energy,
time passage and conditions at once, and as such, can be used as a kind of "Philosopher's Stone" to create clothing, stimulate food production, load fireweapons, when not creating them, armor, land, decoration...
Anything goes with this thing. It is quite costly to make and the amount is always pretty limited, though.
